Right. He was sincere with you, wasn't he?
What can he do for you?
He asked you to come and beg me now, right?
Then he is also a thousand times better than you
At least he wouldn't lie to me.
The person who is ten thousand times better than me
Where are you now?
What about people?
He is with me now.
I was going to give him a break
But you suddenly called me
I was thinking
If I had you in front of him
Would he rather die than live?
Zhao Zixuan, I promise you anything
You let Xu Tao go
You are still negotiating terms with me.
I'll kill him right in front of you
Humph
Ah, don't move!
You
Let go of my brother
There was rubbish.
It's just that more people appreciate me
Just kill Xu Tao
Hahahaha
Or do you, an old man, know how to play?
Okay, let's do it.